c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\bin\Debug\NCarRental.exe.config
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\bin\Debug\NCarRental.exe
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\bin\Debug\NCarRental.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental.g.resources
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental.exe
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\NCarRental.pdb
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Home\HomeView.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\MainWindow\ApplicationView.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Products\ProductsView.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Home\HomeView.baml
c:\users\norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\MainWindow\ApplicationView.baml
C:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Products\ProductsView.baml
C:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\bin\Debug\FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient.dll
C:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\bin\Debug\FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient.pdb
C:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Stock\StockView.g.cs
C:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Stock\StockView.baml
C:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Login\LoginView.g.cs
C:\Users\Norbert\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NCarRental\NCarRental\obj\Debug\Login\LoginView.baml
